In this lecture we will learn some additional ways that CSSA gives us the stylized buttons.
These examples will direct build off of the code we wrote in The Last Lecture.
The border radius property allows us to specify how round the corners of our button should be.
Let's give our button a border radius of five pixels.
Note that this block of CSSA code is outside of the hover an active select is that we specified We want
this style to apply to the button element regardless of its state.
So we will use the button element selector then we will go to the web browser and run our code
as you can see the corners of our button are now rounded.
Let's jump back to the editor.
The larger the value of the border radius the rounder or button will be less increased the value of
the border radius property to 20 pixels to see the effect it will have on the corners of our button.
We will go to the web browser and run our code as you can see the corners of our button are much more
round to the increase in border race that we added.
Let's go back to the editor the box Shatto property allows us to add a shadow behind button.
We will specify the box Shatto property inside of our style code and give our button a box châteaux
with the horizontal position of two pixels a vertical position of two pixels and the color of gray.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code as you can see there is now a shadow behind our
button.
Let's jump back to the editor if we want to add a custom image to our button we could add an image element
between the opening and closing button tags.
To illustrate this example let's add an image element between the opening and closing button tags in
our code and give the image element the source of our checkerboard jpeg image.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code
as you can see the image on our button is a checkerboard image.
Let's go back to the editor and look at another example.
We can also add a background image to a button using CSSA style code.
First we will add a button element to our code and specify a type attribute with a value of button.
We will Starla button and give it a background of our checkerboard JPEG image a height of 200 pixels
in a with 400 pixels.
Then we will run our code in the web browser as you can see our checkerboard images displayed on the
button.
Let's jump back to the other.
It is also possible to swap the background image on a button when the button is clicked to do this we
leave the active selector and change the background image property.
In this case we will change our background image to start PMG if the user clicks on the button.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code as you can see the buttons background is changed from the
checkerboard image to the star image when the button is being clicked in the next lecture.
We will learn about adding animation to our button using s.c.s.